so the report comes out and it details a
list of torture methods used on
prisoners water boarding sexual abuse
with broomsticks what they call rectal
feeding or rectal hydration um prisoners
were threatened with buzzing power
drills some captives were deprived of
sleep for up to 180 hours at times with
their hands Shackled above their heads
the torture carried out at black sites
in Afghanistan Lithuania Romania Poland
Thailand secret site of Guantanamo Naval
Base known as Strawberry Fields um as
this
unveiled it's only you who went to jail
around these issues your thoughts on
this I feel like I live in the Twilight
Zone sometimes when the report came
out like most other Americans I was
absolutely shocked and appalled at some
of the details even inside the CIA we
didn't know anything about rectal
hydration with hummus no less uh with
sexual abuse or sexual assault using
broomsticks I mean people didn't even
talk about those kinds of things in the
in the hallway so I was absolutely
shocked hearing it this this goes back
to a point I made in
2013 on this wonderful program we need
to prosecute some of these cases I
understand that reasonable people can
agree to disagree on whether or not uh
uh case officers who really believed
they were carrying out a legal activity
should be prosecuted I understand that
but what about case officers who took
the law into their own hands or who who
flouted the law and raped prisoners with
broomsticks or carried out rectal
hydration with hummus those were not
approved uh interrogation techniques why
aren't those officers being prosecuted I
think at the very least that's where we
should start the prosecutions